Uh, yeah, later.
At least you don't know.
No, what?
That you're fucking my ex?
I don't care, you can have it.
You obviously care.
He was the love of your life, remember?
You were so fucking delusional.
Delusional?
Maybe.
But Chad went through all links to get to me.
He dated you for me.
And I mean, how romantic is that?
Plus, now we're engaged.
You know what?
At least now I don't feel bad about fucking your dad.
You were betraying me long before I climbed into bed with him.
And he's much better in bed than Chad ever was.
Have fun with that abusive cheating asshole, Telly.
Yeah, well, he's going to be my husband now.
And the father of my unborn child.
It's Becca Woods.
Yeah, Allegra Joel said I could use your car service at any time.
Yeah, I'm good, thank you.